it's me oh that hurts
okay who are you little cupcake I'm a
cookie
my name is mr. cupcake okay why are you
here I wouldn't be in the show
why would I be in the show so I could be
famous I'm not gonna be famous
don't bang oh I need to take a poop oh
my god this is not a poop okay there's
just people talking outside but just
don't listen anything but if you hear
someone like Oh what do you want here
oh you say hi okay
oh can you get away from the screen
please
no why not goodbye oh oh don't do that
Gary house down get my house
why cuz I don't want you here you can
just destroy everything
oh stop it
hey delivery hukum must be now delivery
you ordered a sandwich I never ordered a
sound material oh oh do you know how to
talk with your sandwich
yes oh you're talking too much
thank you I want to be eaten like a
hamburger son he's gone okay so since
all that motions away
put your hands open to you
oh my god what's up in here I don't want
Oh what am I going to do no way baby do
you surrender what you did yes
okay you surrender yes yeah I do okay
then don't let it okay some crazy things
are happening right now okay whoa
oh my god oh hey dog
no no oh God
oh goody now it's me jack I don't care
likes flowers anyways well it's my
friend it's not my friend it's a point
dog what I'm actually training so I
don't watch Star Wars then you know the
dark side but don't even talk to me so
much no okay I'll give you a sandwich
this storm
okay and we like to order a sandwich
here you go whoa oh my just people I
broke your sandwich starts later you
just sandwich I don't care dick get out
with us
you too so much fish oh good golly that
was a crazy
see you punk
see you in the next episode
okay turn off the camera